[MMB-174] Remove named cursors (#91)
ably-labs/spaces: docs/usage.md

## Live Cursors

A common feature of collaborative apps is to show where a users cursors is positioned in realtime. It's easy to accomplish this with the `cursors` API.

The most common use case is to show the current mouse pointer position.

To start listing to cursor events, use the `.on` method:

```ts
space.cursors.on('cursorsUpdate', (cursorUpdate) => {
  console.log(cursorUpdate);
});
```

The listener will be called with a `CursorUpdate`:

```json
{
  "connectionId": "hd9743gjDc",
  "clientId": "clemons#142",
  "position": { "x": 864, "y": 32 },
  "data": { "color": "red" }
}
```

> To set cursor updates, first enter the space:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the position of a cursor and emit a `CursorUpdate`, first enter the space:
```

```ts
space.enter();
```

Then call `.set`:

```ts
window.addEventListner('mousemove', ({ clientX, clientY }) => {
  space.cursors.set({ position: { x: clientX, y: clientY } });
});
```

> `set` takes an object with 2 properties. `position` is an object with 2 required properties, `x` and `y`. These represent the position of the cursor on a 2D plane. A second property, `data` can passed. This is an object of any shape and is meant for data associated with the cursor movement (like drag or hover calculation results):

Reviewer: Suggest the same wording update as in class-definitions.

```ts
window.addEventListner('mousemove', ({ clientX, clientY }) => {
  space.cursors.set({ position: { x: clientX, y: clientY }, data: '' });
});
```

### Inital cursor position and data

To retrieve the initial position and data of all cursors within a space, you can use the `space.cursors.getAll()` method. This returns an object keyed by `connectionId`. The value is the last `cursorUpdate` set by the given `connectionId`.

> Example of calling `getAll` to return all cursor positions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of calling `getAll()` to return all cursor positions:
```
